hi boys girls you're just a here get
your black ops gameplay it's a pretty
good seventy two or three domination
ground water style on launch using the
goal dog but today I got a little
special guest with me today who I got in
here with me today guys
yeah yo desire asked me to come out here
do a little interview with me and he
gave me free Mountain Dew so yeah so
what was your what all do you have
player today when you go playing a black
ops yeah little bit but I have to take a
massive dose earlier I got to use a I
was reading this article or not there uh
I don't RV and I got a little
four-wheeler with the camper behind it
and I'm gonna go down there month a man
I don't think I'm gonna buy that
four-wheeler with the camper you just
can't beat that you can carry your beer
on the right there on the front of fo
wheeler and then I could just you know
instead getting pulled over and get me
one during their day you I thought just
pulled over and you sleep Barry my
camper so I thought of the good bill
oh yeah I did run my four-wheeler
pulling a camper that's um you get all
the ladies you pick them all up like a
yeah that's gonna walk talk to y'all
started taking you know more along the
lines cuz I am caught over the ladies
man but I was thinking more long lives
I'm gonna save some money on gas but you
know the ladies come to me and I know
they will they're just you know it's
more fun to the son ot not really dude
but you know the ladies come for it see
him I got this radio today
she didn't even have any teeth man when
she went down on me she went down on me
you feel me yeah dude I bet that was
pretty awesome wonder how old was she
don't know didn't ask but you know she
did everything so why should I whoa dude
power to you now let's talk some black
ops I don't want to talk about you and
your escapades and all that stuff
anything like it oh yo D which one talk
about um using the gold dog in my video
here you're sitting here right here with
me watching this we think about those
gold camos on all those good s cold
college bronze me I gotta go down I got
a real go gonna to go to money America
airsoft guns I got it there at Walmart
it's well it colored like said I was in
the day and ak-47 but it's you know I
put 2 mm I reasoned that so matching it
shoots rapid-fire man it's a pretty good
shot me this bird the other day and it
came back and attack me but you know
let's just keep talking about black up
so what talk about that Oh talk about
black ops so uh what's your favorite gun
in multi player I mean what gun you
usually use when you what you when you
you know when you play online oh they're
wonderful wonderful
yes well shed the water waffle dude the
water waffles in Nazi zombies man what
do you like a multiplier the fucking
water waffle man I just had it three
goddamn times every time you take me you
hear me
I did sorry man
the one waffles in Nazi zombies but
we'll change the subject
hey you need to meet Ricky lately hell
yeah I got me this video though this
year during deer season I'll fuck a
flutter up let's be together yeah I'm
pretty good i marinate it in ketchup
yeah wait a minute you marinated it in
ketchup yeah catch it uh
ketchup flavor jerky yeah you need to
try this pretty goddamn good come taste
like tomatoes all right dude you uh you
like to character there you go you said
yeah get that old Tom in you know
actually you in my pickup lines when I
get to when I talk to you beer ladies I
just tell obey you know watching you
come over makers I'm quite a character
and I got a clock look at you right
there my face for you I believe that I
believe it son so what's your favorite
Maps
new maps um I don't know but I sure do
turn it up on that extension map hey
dude I don't know if you realize it but
I'm talking about multiplayer right now
I'm not talking about nazi zombie that's
what I mean that's what we were told
about the whole goddamn time Mariotti
all right dude uh what do you want to
talk about just tell me what you want to
talk about because I think you're
looking fused man well you may know a
few sir like a few dozen Oh
dude you're just the hostile shit ain't
you man what the hell's wrong with you
today all oh man I woke up I just fuckin
dingleberry just wouldn't come out my
ass dragon it pissed me off to no end
I'd go get that sumbitch for like
forever and it just wouldn't budge man
I've just took me off on the wrong foot
today sorry guys you know they say you
woke up on the wrong side of bed I don't
think you can wake it up on the ropes
out of bed if you ask me but you know I
just dingleberry
you just fucking pissed me off I needed
up have to call my own idea nurse you
pick a certain bitch up there for me
because I just couldn't bend over look
through my legs see where that was at
and as big as my waist is I could just
barely reach around here and pull that
sumbitch out so she came in here she got
me you know she got me take girls okay
dude dingleberry how big was that dick
Oh Barry um I'd say it'd been in there
for a while so getting close to size
like a fry young and grape like what a
grape a great yeah great you know like
the fruit you eat it was probably all
know about the size of a grown man's
thumbnail a dingleberry about the size
of a grown man some though that's one
hell of a dingleberry yeah I could do
dinner for a cup of bleach but you know
every once while get this little itch
and having so fuckin been in there so
long it was getting a little sharp 40
things to it so if my assets I just got
to scoot around on the chair and they
did it for me so you know it's a win-win
situation but it got a little irritating
you know but you know we gotta take it
care of no we're good all right dude you
got how do I even know where you come up
these fucking subjects but you know more
power to you but it's entertaining for
the subscribers of mine and I'm enjoying
this interview with you uh what are you
planted a I think I already asked you
this but you plan on playing black ops
go get order applause were a little bit
you know I'm against a bitch cause of
that ones are awful you know the other
day they were capping be flagging I dare
wonder why whatever you got em all man
this is nice almost I killed two my
feeders we'll go check it out man that
one waffle for the web fold away baby
dude all right man
I don't know what the hell you're
thinking but the wonderful is in zombies
is there a beef flag of zombies or you
just getting all fucked up a minute
gonna have to tell you I used the one
waffle it's my favorite done okay so uh
what's your talks on Justin Bieber dude
Justin Bieber who's that guy Justin
Bieber okay can't recall the name uh-oh
it's just this little kid got famous on
YouTube it's probably an inspiration to
all you YouTube guys out there ain't it
it probably but no he signals Britney
Spears songs you said like it but I did
I'm just gonna let you go this video
came to uh and I'm thinking for coming
on here for the interview and anything
like that and any last words and in the
water waffle is an goddamn multiplier
look it up
alright guys remember to rate subscribe
yo D sign it out